The current situation is truly critical.
In this critical situation, the Japanese people are not only fighting for the cause of the people, but also renewing their strength.
They are renewing their ability to advance to the completion of the Ichiro Shrine, which is the heart of the soldiers on the battlefield.
At this time, the government will be determined to support the people of the Ichiro.
The government will be determined to implement the new system.
In order to win the battle and to win the war, the government will gradually overcome any obstacles and obstacles, including the country's internal and external affairs.
Fortunately, the current situation of the war shows the improvement of the situation of the Japanese people's enthusiasm and effort from the end of last year.
The government will strengthen the position of the people and the position of the war, and will further focus on the one point of the war between the Japanese and the Japanese.
The government has organized a meeting of the Imperial Committee.
The ancient Japanese strategy about the qualification for the combined defense effort is a perusive one.
The current state-of-the-art